# 2022-08-20

Yesterday, I've read the js13kgames rules again and remembered, that commenting
the code is part of it. Well, if I'm doing that I can take care of TypeScript
annotations as well.

Also, I added the infrastructure to write tests and prepared a first one to
make sure it works. Should be well enough for continuing offline.

## Today's achievement

[commit diff 0a173875f550b99c2693f97bfd68d74d1129c0d7 to 2ae29678fc4b68362e9ab49122dca35657b33483][diff]

游린游린游린游린游릴游릴 6.68 KiB / 13 KiB #js13k #js13kgames

No screenshot today, because I focussed on documentation.

## Next step

I was thinking about looking at the enemies position of a level and compare it
to the last coordinate of pathway with a radius of `1` and do circle collision
detection. On hit, reduce the player's life by `1`. That should trigger
game over, since right now, the player only has a single life.

### Codewise

I thought about placing towers by double clicking, but that would trigger two
click events before dblclick.

- [ ] Write tests for everything
- [ ] Add radio group for draftLevel to toggle between enemies and towers
- [ ] Test on mobile
- [ ] Use 鮫멆잺 for health bar?
- [ ] Consider FPS for animation?

### Previous in line

See journal entry from [yesterday][yesterday].

## See also

Look at [ZzFX][zzfx] and [ZzFXM][zzfxm] to generate sound and music?
Or browse [dig CC mixter][dig]. I will need to spend some time thinking about
the mood upfront, though.

[diff]: https://jaenis.ch/hobbies/coding/repos/ryuno-ki/js13kgames-2022/compare/0a173875f550b99c2693f97bfd68d74d1129c0d7...2ae29678fc4b68362e9ab49122dca35657b33483
[dig]: http://dig.ccmixter.org/games
[screenshot]: ./2022-08-20.png
[yesterday]: ./2022-08-19.md
[zzfx]: https://killedbyapixel.github.io/ZzFX/
[zzfxm]: https://keithclark.github.io/ZzFXM/
